Updates for the 0.12.4 release (#99)
learningequality/kolibri-docs: docs/access.rst

* When installed, **Kolibri** will open in the browser every time it is started. Uncheck the option **Open browser when Kolibri starts** if you prefer to have it running in the background, and to open it manually in the browser by typing the URL http://127.0.0.1:8080 in the address bar.
* Select **Exit** to stop **Kolibri**. You will be prompted to confirm the selection, after which **Kolibri** will stop. You will have to close the browser (or the tab) manually.

.. tip:: 

>   If you just close the browser window, Kolibri will still be running in the background. Use the **Load in browser** option to reopen it in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you close the browser window, Kolibri will still be running in the background. Use the **Load in browser** menu item to reopen it in the browser.
```

I removed "just" thinking about our friend Adam's post :) https://adamj.eu/tech/2019/05/06/improving-my-technical-writing/
